feat: add datasource for Hermit package manager (#16257)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/hermit/readme.md

> [Hermit](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/) by default looks up packages from the open source project [https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages](https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default [Hermit](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/) looks up packages from the open source project [https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages](https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages).
```

> Hermit supports [private packages](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/packaging/private/). To make your private packages works with Renovate, you will need to do the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermit supports [private packages](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/packaging/private/).
To get Renovate to find your private packages, follow these steps:
```

> 1. perform `hermit search --json` with your private Hermit distribution and save the file to `index.json`
> 2. make a Github release in your private packages repository named `index` with the asset `index.json` generated in step 1.
> 3. setup a CI pipeline to repeat step 1 & 2 on new commits to the private packages repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. perform `hermit search --json` with your private Hermit distribution and save the file to `index.json`
1. make a GitHub release in your private packages repository named `index` with the asset `index.json` generated in step 1.
1. setup a CI pipeline to repeat step 1 & 2 on new commits to the private packages repository.
```

- The rendered Markdown numbers each item for us. We can just use `1.` to create a numbered list.
- GitHub is a proper noun, so should be capitalized.

By default [Hermit](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/) looks up packages from the open source project [https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages](https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages).

Hermit supports [private packages](https://cashapp.github.io/hermit/packaging/private/).
To get Renovate to find your private packages, follow these steps:

1. perform `hermit search --json` with your private Hermit distribution and save the file to `index.json`
1. make a GitHub release in your private packages repository named `index` with the asset `index.json` generated in step 1.

> 1. setup a CI pipeline to repeat step 1 & 2 on new commits to the private packages repository.

Author: > I guess you need to follow these steps in your package's repository? It looks like you create a index.json file, and then publish it in a GitHub release?

Yes, it will be needed to be done in package's repository. like [cashapp/hermit-packages](https://github.com/cashapp/hermit-packages).

GitHub action is one way to do the publish. That is easily achievable in many other CI pipelines. That's why I write down the steps but not really outline it in a specific platform.
